create_root anga
create_basic_family anga shan male spouse
create_basic_family anga chit male child
create_basic_family anga ish male child
create_basic_family anga vich male child
create_basic_family anga aras male child
create_basic_family anga satya male child
create_basic_family chit amba female spouse
create_basic_family vich lika female spouse
create_basic_family aras chitra female spouse
create_basic_family vyan satya male spouse
create_basic_family amba dritha female child
create_basic_family amba tritha female child
create_basic_family amba vritha male child
create_basic_family dritha jaya male spouse
create_basic_family lika vila female child
create_basic_family lika chika female child
create_basic_family chitra jnki female child
create_basic_family chitra ahit male child
create_basic_family jnki arit male spouse
create_basic_family satya asva male child
create_basic_family satya vyas male child
create_basic_family satya atya female child
create_basic_family dritha yodhan male child
create_basic_family vyas krpi female spouse
create_basic_family asva satvy female spouse
create_basic_family jnki lavnya female child
create_basic_family krpi kriya male child
create_basic_family satvy vasa male child
create_basic_family krpi krithi female child
